installation guide for windows (#48)
Bhupesh-V/ugit: README.md

#### Windows

> To use ugit on windows you need to install:<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `ugit` on windows, follow the steps below<br>
```

Reviewer: Please update this @vinayaknayar

> * Git Bash<br>

Reviewer: Please use numbered lists. Like 1,2,3

Git bash comes with git (if you have installed it on your machine then no need).<br>
To install git (preferably with scoop):
```
scoop install git
```
* FZF  
```
scoop install fzf
``` 
Alternatively, with Chocolatey:
```
choco install fzf

> ```

Reviewer: Indent these code blocks to same level of list. If you are using VSCode please use the markdown preview feature

Edit the instructions like this
![de](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34342551/186604149-bcc1bb28-c888-48c1-8d3a-4ef2a6a04536.png)

```
To use bash in terminal change your directory to **git\2.35.3.windows.1\bin\bash** accordingly.

Then clone the repo 
```
git clone https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/ugit.git
```
Alternatively, with curl:
```bash
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bhupesh-V/ugit/master/install)"

> ```

Reviewer: Can we use markdown lists instead of headings here?
As you mentioned there are a bunch of steps, it would be nice to have them as a list.
